To be honest I did not think about "Activity 1". I was in a rut and couldn't get out of it; furthermore, I didn't do it because of how hard I thought this class would be; however, this class isn't hard at all. What made it hard for me was that I did not study any of the material that Professor Muhlbaer posted. When I first started this activity I literally stared at the computer and daydreaming wondering how exactly I was going to be able to do this. My professor had given us this idea and told us to study the material that was given to us, so I gave it a look and after that it became easier for me to do. I was very excited that I was able to get the questions right. The seventh answer was a little tricky because it asked me what value I would get if ten was added to my name. Of course I heard of a number being added to a number being possible,I didn't sound accurate to me honestly. A word "error" happened to come to mind so then I decided to put it and it was correct. 
One question I did not answer was the last question. I felt that it was a bit hard, especially that it had asked me to declare a "variable" that uses "user_input" . What exactly do they mean by declaring a variable? My colleagues and my professor probably went over this but I just wasn't paying attention. Speaking of “paying attention “ there were some answers that I typed in that were wrong at first. That was because of me making errors such as not using quotation marks, misspelling words, and not making sure that the words being used more than once have the same letters in terms of size. Doing this was very fun and interesting.

